okay Table one spicy hummus and beef
sure with Xena
[Music]
that's why we're giving them yes ladies
welcome hummus how's that
[Music]
thank you
fresh food seven days a week my ass
he's leaving I don't think we're Duran's
likes us people asking for a spicy
omelet they weren't too spicy enough I
don't need something explained to me
three times
[Music]
with Chef Ramsay sink so many customers
unsatisfied with the same watery hummus
that he had at lunch he is returned from
a trip to a nearby supermarket with a
plan creating the buzz here they're
loving it
holy crap I'm running out that hummus
would be high in demand some of those
customers tonight the food that came
back with the customers riot were they
wrong I know very since I opened they
have that Mitchell came back never
don't you understand how far you've
slipped
oh yeah you know why aren't your
customers coming back to your essence
[Music]
you're not being honest
you're not being honest with yourself
and you not being honest to your
customers
your customers were complaining about
the hummus the dips they weren't very
excited so I went and made some stay
there
or is that you taste the difference yes
no deck now I have a confession to make
I actually walked to a store and bought
it
you need to be 10 times better than
store-bought hummus otherwise what's the
point in running a restaurant don't know
it was a shock to me like wow why
everything is coming back there is
certain blades I were I'm very proud of
and it came back but it's not good
enough what you're doing is so wrong and
unfortunately because you're surrounded
by family members you've convinced
yourself and them that what you're doing
is right and what I'm sorry flaming
grill it's not extinguished grill it is
and the problems they are inside
do you want this business to continue I
feel like I'm branded by step
there's no parental run in this
[Music]
tradin think the motor would be a better
day
[Music]
it's been so vyas that you've been
handcuffed by down and here's what we
need to do show doubt a creative how
inspirational how exciting you can be
with seafood there's a grocery store
literally two miles away from here okay
have a look at the ingredients getting
sparse comeback get creative I'll see
that on a plate yeah just right now I'm
pretty jacked up Gordon Ramsay himself
say Jason your time for you to be
inspired go let it happen let's see what
you got alright let's see if they got
fresh I'm out red fish fresh and just
put it out hour and a half that's what
we're looking for
it's extremely liberating to have this
freedom to showcase and do what we want
to do cook good food very nice to meet
you thanks guys I'm looking for red
onions with asparagus red pepper this
will be the last thing I get to be ready
to ride there it is
showcase the skills so happy
think of something creative and let it
go yeah yes okay off you go guys yeah
yeah I'm gonna do chicken-fried steak
the same time okay run it oh yeah
yes sir you can put a little lime juice
in there yes I'm not done yet with it
okay good
love the idea bacon Charlie carazzo nice
so in terms of the integration tell me
what it is
try to keep it southern with the grits
fresh with the salmon and classic with
the capers with onions with it's a
Meadows good keep it within New Orleans
theme redfish and then grilled
vegetables fresh rice fresh ingredients
used a fun dish pretty good job but if
it's a night and day let me tell you
that beautiful say nothing you didn't
cook them I cook them understand yes
okay let's go come over guys please Wow
bad you think of Louisiana first thing
to think of is freshness but when I
walked into your restaurant what I
didn't expect was frozen seafood so I
got my team to get something gradients
on me like you both just have a little
taste taste the freshness a beautiful
chocolate salmon done with grits creamy
tasty absolutely phenomenal hello hold
us some redfish marinated zucchini with
some rice and a really nice mango salsa
oh my gosh this bread fish is delicious
it's phenomenal absolutely absolutely
watching them eat my dish and not
knowing that it was mine and to say that
you know it looked like it was from
their heart I like to have a little
taste of that chicken-fried steak I just
lightly pounded it and then fried it
twice so it sure it's just melt in your
mouth it does for literally literally
melted JEP and couldn't believe how good
it was the presentation was beautiful
and was fresh ingredients and they taste
it wonderful they're all absolutely
phenomenal you taste the difference
there's something you need to know about
the seafood dishes
I didn't cook them the two chefs put
those dishes together Wow let's see if
your dishes are your boys let's just
absolutely cannot they really are
they're phenomenal it really opened my
eyes to what I wasn't letting them know
honestly food is heart and I was not
letting them create their art these
aren't just delicious they're beautiful
and they come from right in Saudi I know
that yeah fantastic job
it feels really good to Darryl and Ellen
recognize my potential and nothing that
my abilities haven't shown and hopefully
this is the first step forward this is
the new Zeke's I can see that's what
we're looking for now all I could really
think to myself was about [ __ ] time
you see it don't you
you